The sea was all pretty sexy alike.
That is the one thing that I was always aware of.
How's that?
That is the one thing I was always aware of.
All right, the Army has an obligation not only to every man that it injustices,
every man who has been inducted, but every man in all of the other services.
To see that everybody is treated correctly and justly.
And if the selected service act is properly administered,
I was always aware of that.
It was always before me, it always will be.
And that no man was discriminated over another.
In the fires I can have anything to do with it, that's never what occurs.
Are given any preferences over another?
That is correct.
That every man has to do in the Army just like every other man.
That's that is correct.
That is the responsibility you were well aware of.
It works.
You are correct.
And you knew that you were being called and has been called.
About getting one soldier off of safety duties.
And I'll ask him if it's just even if you didn't dodge it and run from it.
By refusing to place that call from Mr. Colman.
Well, here, here, I did not dodge anything and run from anything Mr. Duncan.
You're assuming that I administered the enlistment of five of China.
I did not.
That was done by General Ryan.
The only thing that happened was that employees of this committee
would call me and ask me to intervene with General Ryan.
Something I did not wish to do.
I avoided that phone call for that service.
But weren't usually a liaison officer between the Secretary and General Ryan.
No, I wasn't there.
I talked to General Ryan on a couple of occasions.
But you put in many calls to some calls to General Ryan about five minutes.
I made a total of 11 telephone calls to General Ryan and they were on about four or five subjects.
They were grouped together.
Do you know whether or not he did get off of safety duties?
My understanding that when he returned on that weekend,
he did not get a put on case at KTB because of the fact that the list he was on was not gone.
Unless you've learned of it, but you did go back to get your back to get that nice.
When you returned to Washington, I said, that's just a hammer.
Unless you've learned of you went to Mr. Colman's office.
For the purpose.
Well, I returned to Washington on 9th of January.
Sunday was the 10th, Monday was the 11th.
My recollection is that my next visit to his office was on the 13th.
And this incident was on the 9th of September.
Yes, sir.
Unless you didn't know that he was always for the first purpose as you told the Secretary to get him in a good humor.
That's right.
It wasn't really for that express purpose.
I was in the building. I was in the corridor directly below this room.
It was about lunchtime.
And I told Mr. Stavins that I thought I'd go down to Colman's car.
And what?
Just trying to figure it out.
To the right, get the relationship.
You proved I'm the threat of getting an interview with you.
You said that.
That's right.
I didn't have for that.
I was in the first test.
Getting an interview with him.
On the count of 6, 8 feet into the hammer.
Yes, I'm serious.
There's other incidents I think I appreciate this.
And that wasn't the call.
You were afraid of that reason.
You know, the other time that there was a person told.
I had no other time to play games, molotite.
Keeping all these investigations.
No, I wasn't trying to.
What was it?
A patch wonder.
Anything for the matter, is that?
I know it's a purpose I told.
I went to state.
I didn't get license to go.
We had a very easy and present pleasant relationship.
I also think that kind of shot.
I just thought it was a period of several weeks when we didn't even get it from him.
And we understand.
Or, approximately, a month or more.
And find out the length of January 20th.
From when?
You say, what period is it you refer to?
What I mean, the period preceding February 24th.
Yes, how long has it been that you missed going broke off relationship?
Well, I think that's not correct.
We didn't break off relationship.
I had called some of the members of this committee and had placed objections to the fact
that the Army, the loyalty board members had been propended and I pointed out to them that
it seemed to me to be related to a calm, good pleasure with reference to Shine.
And the fact that that call became known because four of the members of the committee met together.
Three of them met.
The next list, Senator McCoy, these two discussed that subject.
Mr. Chai was present as I understand it.
That was on the afternoon of the 22nd of January.
And I am sure that the circumstances of my calls on those members and of the meeting of the members of the Senate,
of the members of the committee, was relayed in its tone.
And I am sure that it was made aware of the fact that I had pointed out to the committee that I felt that extreme
pressures with reference to Shine had been being exerted on the Army.
And I am sure also that that is the reason that I wasn't hearing from Mr. Cohen anymore.
He told me sometime later that he was no longer authorized to negotiate with me.
And I didn't hear from him subjectment to January 20th for about 25 days.
Until I fell off my hands.
He told me that he is all relationship between you and him and been separate.
That's what he told me on the phone.
All the relatives have been separate on January 25th.
On January 25th, he told me that.
Well, no, 25 days before February 24th.
We're putting that way, is that right?
Well, I think we're both a little mixed up in our arithmetic.
How long before it's sent away 24th when you call him up?
And it's been a few talks today.
13th.
I thought I saw him on February 14th.
For the June on.
Let me look at my records as I nature.
Well, Mr. C.
I'm Mr. Adam looking through his lecture records.
Let's return to our studios across the country to permit our stations to identify themselves.
This is ABC Television Network.
An important message from Senator Smathers of Althamayami Dory.
This picture, Abley shows what a few courageous citizens, honest politicians and tough alert police agencies can do to rid their cities of gang rams in Florence.
See the Miami story, starting from the Paramount Theater.
The newspaper has a February 24th that you call him up to justify his inductive.
I think that was February 12th.
Was February 12th?
Yes.
How long had it been on February 12th that you had seen were talked to? How long did it date you?
Well, it has been...
I haven't talked to the told.
And I think that he had called me long business and wrote a book on Florida, which was on about the 19th of January.
When he called the long business, he came up here.
He sent it here as I understand. He went back to Florida.
We had some serious assumptions that week was reference to the...
the peanut of the loyalty board members.
And I called on Senator McCarthy. I just request in his apartment on the night of January 22nd.
While I was in the center to the apartment, the telephone rang while I was sitting next to it.
I listed the phone off the receiver and heard Cohen's voice. I passed it over to...
send him a copy on that occasion.
I don't believe that we talked the end of February 12th when I initiated the call again.
Which was the social call?
No, there I was in my office when I called.
I called on Senator Adams and knew of all of these.
himself, along the roof of his house.
All of his alleged high pressure has been brought to bearable circumstances.
The treatment is either quite interesting.
And in view of your dignified position with the Army, didn't you think that calling him...
initiating these calls like to these inspells for some of the...
of secretly so new parts now and beneath your dignity.
No, Senator Lee Army.
You did not know that they're into Fire Dynew.
Lee Army was still in business with the committee.
I expected investigations to continue.
I had no knowledge that they were going to terminate.
From time to time during this period, as I recall, I was receiving requests from other members of the staff for certain Army data.
Which was being supplied.
And Mr. Cohen into Fire Dynew was still chief counsel of this committee.
And I knew that I would have a continuing relationship with him.
And you knew of your obligations to the millions of boys in the Army?
Did you go to the highest zone, was there any opposed to the cost?
Yes, sir.
I knew there was a certain dignity of the Army, a cost for these to use the words of the Secretary to be maintained before this makes it continue.
Yes. And you think it's been sent to be in the precinct?
I wasn't necessarily.
I mean, I was.
The staff of the Dynew did not understand.
That in your campaign to enrich your staff with Mr. Cohen, all on the page in the plan you were serving the Secretary in the Army, you discussed with us your first prosecutor in your department, the formation of a law partnership with the New York State.
Mr. Chairman.
Your point was.
I think I again must have asked for a clarification.
I have again assumed that this question is based merely on allegations made by the other side of the table.
Not on the police, but just against the law.
No, Madam, Mr. Sanktrayer, this question has a basis of any of the allegations of the other side, plus the statements of Mr. Adam has given them.
Thank you.
I'm sorry for every day.
Allow Mr. Jenkins, I did not give you a statement.
So the effect that I discussed the formation of the law partnership is that the evidence is in name.
The statement you gave me makes no reference to any of the things you saw.
Oh, it makes reference to the talks.
That's what I thought.
Yes, sir.
I can see that I've seen conversations.
I think that the talks has put in all the basis of the talk.
Yes, sir.
You know, I have seen that I've seen talks to Mr. Williams with a purpose of ingration yourself with.
I thought Henry New York's service is to use firm.
Yes, sir.
Now, the lawyer.
What did you talk to him about any of the questions there ever any discussion or talk about a proposed formation of a partnership between Mr. Roy?
Not a partnership in the slide, I remember.
May I discuss the subject?
I think that is one of the good things the allegations made.
I think the committee would be very much interested in it.
All right, sir.
About three weeks after I became councilor Lear, why I was in New York one day at hearings I received a telephone call from a personal friend of mine.
Who was in New York and who was an official of large industrial and financial concern?
He told me the basic issues existed in his firm.
He asked me about the interviews his firm with reference to that statement.
I pointed out to him that I had just become councilor Lear and that I didn't see how I could seriously consider a change of the division three weeks after I stated one.
He asked me never to let it by which I have these interviews which I did have during that same week or two.
At the time that I had the interviews I discussed the fact that Mr. Cohn and Mr. Carr and I think maybe Mr. Julianne somebody else was talking about my arrival and that it was very interesting to listen.
Mr. Cohn and them around him at the 14th of January makes reference to it that he didn't actually have salary to come to the salary.
Yes, he had an access to the division and I told Mr. Cohn and Mr. Cohn that I did not intend to fill it.
At the time we were having the discussion which was about first of November thereabouts.
I stated that in the course of a luncheon conversation something to be effective.
If you know somebody in New York who wants to pay about $25,000 a year somebody who's not worth half that money who's come up here and practice law and thing around.
Cohn said something because that's why I like to know somebody and I said well don't bother.
I've never since I've been out of law school in 20 years practice private law of resources one would have to be able to practice and be assessed in New York.
I've never filed a brief I've never gone and complained.
I'm specifically a Washington Died lawyer I do not confess up here.
I expected one I leave the government if I ever do and I'll go into business for some part of the offer has to walk with it just come across my arrival.
And that was the extent of the conversation on that occasion.
I might elaborate on it further by stating that in the seven years that I have been in Washington I have never made an inquiry.
With anybody as the private practice law because I have never intended to practice one private place.
I have had in the last four years the project for seven different positions.
Not all of them just the five have to be offered none of them were in the practice law.
Three or four of them I can fit it seriously.
In November at the time that I decided I would not pursue this job I thought about it Mr. Stevens.
I pointed out to him that I had never practiced law privately and I certainly couldn't be a success in the time of New York's firm.
Commercial time has a firm that New York firms are and that's when I left the government I was probably going to do.
I said something to him to the effect of any year or two and might come around and ask him if he was fit.
If I decide to go into business and I point out to the committee he's a Stevens.
Before he became Secretary of the Army had a queen from Sydney American business community that was probably unfathomable.
And if I need to help find a job either than for now I certainly had other sources than Mr. Cohen.
Any conversations that we had on the subject of practice practicing law were always light.
There were two or three of them who were strictly justified.
There were conversation opinions and for a movement only and they were clearly recognized as such when it's Cohen.
When the Cohen was asked about this topic on the press he stated on the hard 14th in Antwery and Inquiry.
Some of his favourites on the Miami-M does not indicate anything in the top of the mode of on this part and I will suggest not.
That is true. There wasn't a lot of movers however. The publication of his memorandum in the context of the public suggests him in the priority on my part which was not there.
The memorandum declares it the way of the public and what it is to get his fall.
I'm not asking about the mode is that. I'm giving you a long answer to what I'm trying to understand.
My question was whether or not you did discuss the law partnership with Mr. Cohen or never in Syria.
Now I'm going in his office. You say never go in and result never serious.
Never go in his office as I say from maybe two or three times there was just other references to going into the law that was in Syria.
I am not a lot of them serious. There was never anything serious on it. I do not identify the day.
You weren't even calling with the idea not toying with the idea.
You mean just as I went into the law practice in New York, why I'd be stroking too much.
You mean just I don't talk on your part as busy as you are and with all your responsibilities?
That wasn't even I don't talk with a conversational piece for the first of creating an atmosphere friendship.
An atmosphere friendship.
Now Mr. Adam finally this committee charges you with obstructing its investigation of your law of insecurity forward.
You're aware that are you not?
Yes, sir. I am.
Did it ask you to bring members of the law of insecurity forward to executive?
To executive sessions?
That's correct. That's correct.
You did not do it, did you?
I did not. You refused to do it.
I did.
And you referred to it in this party page document, timing to be by you. That's correct, if it is.
Yes, sir. I'm okay.
Why Mr. Adam, did you refuse to present members of your law of importance to the McCarthy Investigating Committee?
Why did we get it?
It had been consistent policy in the Army.
Previous to my time, I understood that it had been consistent policy throughout the Department of the Finns.
Insofar as I knew, it had been consistent policy throughout the government.
That's the law of the board members.
Sure.
Who were operating in a quasi-judicial state.
And who had somewhat the responsibility for the judge should not be required to appear one three or five years later.
For the purpose of reasoning out a decision which they had made, you know, all the Friday insofar as you knew.
And for that reason, I was being consistent with the position.
The guy on the list was always there for his investigation.
That we must protect the lawy program by protecting lawy-goer members from interrogation.
That was my target.
The guy on the tenure end for now is the cause of the consistent policy again at his direction.
I'm no other reason.
That is correct, sir.
Did you know that the Secretary of the Army and his testimony put it on the basis of the agency?
That there was a directive against this?
There is a directive against the CIA, just across towards the other state of the government.
Well, I'm sure I don't think this statement I have before me I have seen nothing in there.
About any directive or an against this?
That's right. That's right.
And you stated that many of the goals of the only reason.
Was the cause there was a consistent policy against this?
I didn't even indicate that it was the only reason.
I'll ask you to read back.
Well, I have a disagree that I may have said that.
I didn't know that I said it was the only reason.
But the position of the Army in the fire that I understood was the position of the defense department and was consistent with the government has taken.
You now say that there are two reasons.
The way it's won, a consistent policy of the government against this two A-director.
I guess it is. That's correct.
The consistent policy of the Army against it and any Secretary of President of the Director's Prohibit insofar as I can see now.
They must qualify that one moment there.
There's a small year in the administration of the loyalty program.
As to whether or not the individuals may respond or should respond to the demons or whether or not they should not.
There are two schools of the Fox practically and every agency of the government.
One school said that an individual, if he receives a subpoena, even though the subpoena is directed only to his participation in the loyalty program, must respond to the subpoena.
But in responding, he may not answer any question having to do with his participation in the program.
The second attitude, which is strongly held by many other officials of the government, is that properly to protect the loyalty program, the people who are on the loyalty program should not respond to the subpoena.
And you belong to the latter school at all.
I do so.
I don't say I'm in majority that that is the position I have always taken.
Based upon my study of the director and my understanding of politics and my appreciation of how I'll allow the program to be.
I'm sure of them that I think I'm about through Apple.
So I read you on page 31 what you said about these loyalty board members.
I've jicted this request starting in sublifation, reminded him that on all previous occasions when the subject could bring all that up the army had opposed it.
I reminded him that we had agreed that the problem would not put on any shoes.
Carve me as this was true, but stated this phone in return the night before 8.50 pm from Florida.
Just ignite out that he talked from that book of a time and that there was nothing hard to do.
The army is not pretty sweet with the loyalty board members requesting on the 19th with our call on Senator McSan.
Senator McRathlin has always shortly before the schedule to hear.
Walk to the hearing room with him and attempt to discuss the subject with him.
When we reached the hearing room and response to questions from some new press paperman, he stated that he was giving the army a little side of the 22nd of the same season to produce the loyalty board members requesting or else he would convene them.
No hearing and statement to you saying anything about any direct use.
No, sir, I do not.
And the little flannel always human says always stated that your only reason for not producing those loyalty board members was the call of a standing policy against it.
Correct. That is correct. And any policy is based on direct use.
And Mr. Adams, you know that just prior to the investigation of Portman, Senator McRathlin and his committee had invested the government spending office in Washington.
That's the thing is the loyalty board members and if they have responded to that, the thing is and testify before it's committee and executive say, can you do that?
I knew that, sir.
The government's printing office there is an agency of the legislative branch of the government.
I'm the never-ending producer single member of the law and the board.
Did you know, sir?
No, sir.
I didn't finish my question this day.
Well, thank you for having me.
I'm not a state-owned, that state-owned, the government is an agency of the legislative branch of the government.
I'm not a state-owned, that state-owned, that state-owned, the government is an agency of the legislative branch of the government.
Mr. Adams, I desire to ask you this question.
You know, Governor Alokin of course.
Yes, sir.
You know his name?
Lieutenant Cohen.
Yes, sir.
Captain Cohen.
And you know that he is regarded as the man of integrity and as a great general in the Army, you know?
General Alokin?
Yes, sir.
I beg your pardon, sir.
So, regarding by General, by a secretary of defense?
Yes, sir.
I want to ask you whether or not in November, if you have this conversation and I read Mr. Adams, and I asserted his effect.
And I asserted his effect in the presence of General Alokin and Captain Corley of the age.
I want it because I have personal knowledge of this matter.
I read from a statement stated by General Alokin to Captain Corley and written in Captain Corley's handwriting.
And I asked you whether or not this occurred.
Adams asked Alokin by phone.
I hope you can see your way clear to withdraw certain cases which you have recommended for removal of vast security risks.
The Wist Law Commissioner of Science that he was not do so, that's the secretary's take to responsibility.
You need high-dainst thing that I want to ask you this.
General Alokin was the commander and chief, asked for the support month of installation with the NOS yesterday.
You undisclosed if he had cooperated with the police over hardensy with the McCarthy committee, just in investigation of the conditions that had you not done.
The Saddam Jr. and the Secretary have this.
Consider removing General Alokin, have you not?
Yes, sir.
How much much much less for much later than the assignment?
Yes sir.
I will ask you whether or not General Alokin's take stated this truth when he and Captain Corley have prepared that question.
You use the General Alokin, have then been given a party to use his own discretion in making suspicions of the verses of that lawyer there is, didn't you?
Yes sir.
I will ask you whether or not General Alokin's hold the truth when he dictated this statement to his aide that you call him on the telephone and ask him if he can see his way clear.
The withdrawal of certain cases which we have recommended for the removal of the private security rate, think you do it or not?
Yes sir.
You did that yesterday.
Do you want to make some of this clear?
I don't think I am sure there is a committee on one of them.
May I meet the Secretary?
I understand him, sir.
All right sir.
And I will ask you much for this.
I think this Secretary and all parents thought of you giving an opportunity to ask the question that I will solve in just one way.
I asked that if you would prefer that he, I was not so open to him.
I asked him if the question and he and I answered he said that he didn't seek calling and make that request and he now desire to make an explanation and I have told him that as far as I was concerned I was felt as a committee desired an explanation.
Your status by answer then the point of order is the same care.
I am both cutting off to the two ways.
The witnesses can do it as well as the interesting affairs of partner of Mr. Welles and Mr. Welles and Mr. Welles and gracious Mrs. Rupptau.
Thank you very much.
If you add in, you may proceed with your explanation.
There are two needs by which a commander can accomplish the removal of an individual.
One of them is summer-related suspending individual when he gets the right of the right information.
The other is to send forward to the Secretary of the Army a recommendation for the removal of the individual.
The latter means usually the ones which is used when there is some doubt in the mind that the commander has to whether or not they should replace his clear trust.
He leaves it to the responsibility of the screening board to make a decision as to whether or not the individual should be suspended.
At the time of the Port Montlis investigation, when it began, the regulation permitted these wholesale suspensions or these immediate other various suspensions by a commander.
But that technique had not been being used.
And it had not been being used at Port Montlis.
I think that General Lawson's reasons were quite proper.
He had had an experience or two, and his predecessor had had an experience or two.
Well, recommendations which went forward did not resolve any suspensions.
And here are recommendations for suspensions which were made on the software reverse.
So they adopted the second technique of removing the man from a classified position.
Keeping him on non-sensitive work and sending the recommendations forward for the decision that he made at higher headquarters so that there wouldn't be a reversal.
In addition to the number of suspensions which General Lawson had made at Port Montlis and which are approached 30s, and this is the key point that's mentioned,
there were some additional recommendations which had come forward for a decision in Washington.
And it was these cases which I discussed with General Lawson.
It was enough the cases which he had suspended.
The telephone call was on the 31st of October.
And I pointed out to General Lawson that the people who administer the security treaty boards had gone over the facts with reference to these individuals and had indicted.
They did not think that these cases were strong enough to hold up before a hearing board.
I initiated a call as a result of the fact that I had talked to Mr. Stevens and it made these facts available to him.
He had transmitted his concern to General back.
General back had talked to General Lawson.
General Lawson had indicated that he'd like to talk to me about it.
I placed a call with General Lawson and he said in effect substantially what you would say no.
I have made these recommendations for suspension.
I don't want to put these people back.
I feel on my own volition and own responsibility that there are sufficient facts that they should remain in suspension.
So let the Secretary or let the Army take the responsibility if they want to get the proof these things just disapprove them.
Subsequent to that time in the case of these nine individuals who were discussed.
One of the nine resigned.
Three of them were reinstated with full clearances and collection.
One of them was suspended as a result of the fact.
One resigned.
Three were reinstated with full clearances.
Three are still being held in the office of the Secretary of the Army because they appear to relate to other cases and their results will probably depend upon the results which are forthcoming in the hearing board actions on other cases which are in suspension.
And one is under further investigation.
From those nine cases, sir, we're not part of the 33 who were suspended at Port Montenegro.
They were other cases on which General Lawton had sent forward recommendation for suspension and on which the action had to be taken in the office with the Secretary of the Army.
If they had him, he made the request that are expected you didn't use.
Yes, sir.
General Lawton refused to take it.
That is right.
As some of those nine are still under suspension.
One has been suspended.
Three are being held with no action but on Montenegro's work.
One is being held on Montenegro's work under investigation.
Three has been reinstated.